[9.x] Document multiple subscriptions in Cashier (#8427)
laravel/docs: billing.md

    $subscriptionItem = $user->subscription('default')->findItemOrFail('price_chat');

<a name="multiple-subscriptions"></a>
### Multiple Subscriptions

> Stripe allows your customers also to have multiple subscriptions. For example, you might run a sports service that offers a swimming subscription and a gym subscription. Depending on how frequently you come you can have different prices for each of these types of subscriptions. Of course, customers should be able to subscribe to either one or both. In you application you can make the differentiation between these two types of subscriptions by making use of the `$name` parameter when referencing subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stripe allows your customers to have multiple subscriptions. For example, you might run a sports service that offers a swimming subscription and a gym subscription. Depending on how frequently you come, you can have different prices for each of these types of subscriptions. Of course, customers should be able to subscribe to either one or both. In your application you can make the differentiation between these two types of subscriptions by making use of the `$name` parameter when referencing subscriptions.
```

For example, if you want to let the customer start a swimming subscription: 

    use Illuminate\Http\Request;

    Route::post('/swimming/subscribe', function (Request $request) {
        $request->user()->newSubscription('swimming')
            ->price('price_swimming_monthly')
            ->create($request->paymentMethodId);

        // ...
    });

Notice how the first parameter of `newSubscription` is now `swimming`. This is to differentiate from other types of subscriptions. Usually in most services there's only one type of subscription and then this can stay to its `default` value.

> Using a different type of subscription will allow you to handle plan changes separately without affecting the other subscription. Thing such as invoicing and billing cycle will also differ for these two type of subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a different type of subscription will allow you to handle plan changes separately without affecting the other subscription. Tasks such as invoicing and billing cycles will also differ for these two type of subscriptions.
```

I feel that "tasks" is more appropriate here compared to "thing"
